Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I’m going to recap a 2020 Korean
Thriller movie, called Search Out.
This movie tells the story about a Hacker
who tracks a serial killer that kills using
social media.
So, what are the methods?
What is the motive behind the killings?
Let’s find it out.
The movie starts with a Sociopath who receives
and complies with strange missions from Instagram.
The missions involve watching a mysterious
video overnight, isolating himself for 24
hours, hurting himself, and a last mission
which is yet to be revealed.
Enough with the mystery, we are introduced
to our main protagonists.
A kind young man named Joon who wants to be
an office worker.
But in real life, he works as a cashier.
He also has a religious friend, Sung.
Who wants to be a police officer, but works
as a courier.
They live in the same building together.
In Instagram, Joon is actually an influencer
with 12,000 followers who loves to help people
promote their business.
This is how Joon meets a woman to help grow
her Psychology Consulting business.
Her name is Won.
She gives free career counsel for low-income
people, for the good cause.
One day, Joon and Sung’s Neighbour receives
an odd message with a black and white whale
photo from Instagram account, ereshkigal.
She is asked about the meaning of her life
and gets more depressing replies upon messaging.
Neighbour is also among the Joon’s 12,000
Followers.
She wants to meet Joon to
talk about her depression
of becoming an idol star in Seoul, but Joon
rejects her because he is afraid of Neighbour
knowing that he is a loser in real life.
A mysterious person stalks the housing and
takes photos of Neighbour.
On Sung’s way home, he almost crashes into
Stalker, but Stalker doesn’t say a word
and leaves.
The next day, a Detective came into their
building and inform that their Neighbour has
committed suicide.
He also questions Joon and Sung about it.
Due to his guilt of rejecting his Neighbour,
Joon determines to investigate it further.
One day, Joon is also messaged by ereshkigal,
and asked about the meaning of life.
Seeing the strange message, Joon deletes it.
Suddenly, Neighbour’s Instagram account
messages Joon and ask to answer the question.
Surprised by the incident, Sung accompanies
Joon to investigate the motive.
They came to ereshkigal’s Instagram page
that is full of dark and depressing contents,
with the black and white whale photo among
them.
They confront and accuse ereshkigal of killing
Neighbour in Instagram.
In another place, a Sociopath is seen looking
at the whale photo that usually appears in
the odd messages.
Due to the oddity, Joon and Sung report it
to Detective who handles Neighbour’s case,
but Detective refuses to investigate deeper.
Detective states that the investigation is
closed since the motives are already clear.
They desperately ask a Gangster Boss to help
them investigate.
A gangster member named Noo-Ri.
Decided to join the team as a Hacker.
She found out that ereshkigal is actually
an alias for a Summerian underworld Goddess.
Noo-Ri tracked ereshkigal’s IP but she failed.
So, she decided to retrace those who have
visited the account.
To their surprise, a lot of people who have
visited the ereshkigal Instagram account are
dead.
Joon and Sung visit the victim’s families
but are rejected due to their trauma.
While visiting the families, a Stalker stalks
them.
Upon realizing this, Joon and Sung chases
Stalker but he can get away.
After the chase, Joon and Sung receive unsettling
news.
ereshkigal comments on Noo-Ri’s post with
the same question.
what is the meaning of life?
Upon realizing that she is being watched by
Stalker, she lures and captures him with a
taser.
Stalker reveals that he knew ereshkigal from
Social Media.
They became friends and kept in touch.
However one day, ereshkigal threatened to
reveal Stalker’s secrets if he didn't do
his bidding.
So, he is sent by ereshkigal to get information
about the victims.
Although Stalker was threatened at first,
he became addicted to looking into people’s
private lives and continues to help ereshkigal.
With the information from Stalker, ereshkigal
will get into the victims’ consciousness
through Social Media and provoke stress to
the point the victims kill themselves.
The next day, the detective accuses Sociopath
of being ereshkigal and raided his place.
However, Sociopath has shot himself and died,
as his last mission from ereshkigal.
Detective informs Joon that ereshkigal is
dead, and he can rest assured.
However, Noo-Ri is still curious and investigates
further.
After that, ereshkigal messages Noo-Ri and
provokes her stress.
Due to her personal depression, Noo-Ri finally
gets into the trap and wants to commit suicide.
But, she is saved by Joon and Sung.
Seeing that ereshkigal has gotten to Noo-Ri,
Sung enrages and provokes ereshkigal through
his Live-Streamer-friend’s streaming.
Then, Sung is contacted by ereshkigal.
But it turns out that he falls into his trap.
Sung is given missions similar to what ereshkigal
gave Sociopath.
Luckily, Joon suddenly breaks into the room
and saves Sung.
In the hospital, Noo-Ri talked to Joon about
the reason behind her attempt.
She also provides information on ereshkigal
to Joon in order to help him capture the culprit.
In addition, Joon also asks his Live Streamer
friend for help.
During the action, Joon is followed and confronted
by many ereshkigal followers.
Sung comes to Joon’s rescue and saves him.
However, the Detective is there and aims a
gun at Joon’s head.
Joon is kidnapped to ereshkigal headquarters.
After kidnapping Joon,
Detective demands ereshkigal
to fulfill the promise of letting his secrets
go.
It turns out that ereshkigal is actually Won,
the woman who contacted Joon previously.
And Sociopath was only one of her pawns.
Won asked Sociopath to commit suicide and
Detective to raid the place, to cover her
identity.
Won explains that she wants to take her revenge
on Joon.
Three years ago, Joon complained about a mouldy
fried chicken using his social media.
The post went viral and the restaurant was
boycotted.
The parent of the company was also investigated
by authorities and went bankrupt.
The owner of the company is actually Won’s
father who died after the incident.
Won tried to kill Joon using psychological
trauma, induced by her messages on ereshkigal.
But, things got out of hand and she hurt many
people, especially those around Joon.
In the headquarters, Won commands the Detective
to kill Joon.
Meanwhile,Won's followers try to kill Sung
in a parking lot.
However, Noo-Ri and the gang members come
and rescue them.
Joon chases Won to the rooftop to confront
her once more.
Won is composed because she knows that Joon
doesn’t have enough evidence to incriminate
her.
However, Joon actually recorded Won’s confession
in the headquarters, on a hidden camera provided
by Live Streamer.
Won desperately jumped from the building to
kill herself.
Fortunately, the police are there and prevents
her from suicide.
Won is incriminated for the killings then.
At the end of the movie, Joon reworks his
approach in Social Media.
He posts the whole story of the mouldy fried
chicken and Won’s confession, saying that
he will accept any encouragement or criticism.
In addition, he also confesses his profession
as a part-time cashier without hiding it.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like and
comment to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching, and see you, next
time.